Update docs for expanded useTracking API (#171)
nytimes/react-tracking: README.md

import track, { useTracking } from 'react-tracking';
```

Both `@track()` and `useTracking()` expect two arguments, `trackingData` and `options`.

- `trackingData` represents the data to be tracked (or a function returning that data)

> - `options` is an optional object that accepts three properties (the object passed to the decorator only also accepts a fourth `forwardRef` property):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `options` is an optional object that accepts three properties (the object passed to the decorator also accepts a fourth `forwardRef` property):
```

}
```

> The `useTracking` hook returns an object with this same shape, plus a `Track` wrapper that can be used to pass contextual data to child components (more information about this can be found [below](https://github.com/nytimes/react-tracking#usage-with-react-hooks)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `useTracking` hook returns an object with this same shape, plus a `<Track />` component that you use to wrap your returned markup to pass contextual data to child components (more information about this can be found [below](https://github.com/nytimes/react-tracking#usage-with-react-hooks)).
```

### Usage with React Hooks

> Following the example above, we can also access the `trackEvent` method via the `useTracking` hook from anywhere in the tree:

Reviewer: Let's bump the "Usage with React Hooks" section above "Usage as a Decorator"

```js
import { useTracking } from 'react-tracking';

const FooPage = () => {

>   const { trackEvent } = useTracking({ page: 'FooPage' });

Reviewer: Let's use the `<Track />` component here, even though it's not actually necessary, just to illustrate the intended usage as the first example in the docs.

  return (
    <div
      onClick={() => {
        trackEvent({ action: 'click' });
      }}
    />
  );
};
```

The `useTracking` hook returns an object with the same `getTrackingData()` and `trackEvent()` methods that are provided as `props.tracking` when wrapping with the `@track()` decorator/HoC. It also returns an additional property on that object: a `Track` component that can be returned as the root of your component's sub-tree to pass any new contextual data to its children.

> > Note that if you need contextual tracking data to be passed to child components, you need to wrap the markup returned by your component with `Track`. This will create a new context with the new tracking data merged in, and pass it to all child components:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note that in most cases you would wrap the markup returned by your component with `<Track />`. This will merge new tracking context and make it available to all child components. The only time you _wouldn't_ wrap your returned markup with `<Track />` is if you're on some leaf component and don't have any more child components that need tracking info.```

A common use case for this is to dispatch a `pageview` event for every component in the application that has a `page` property on its `trackingData`:

```js
@track({}, { process: (ownTrackingData) => ownTrackingData.page ? { event: 'pageview' } : null })
class App extends Component {...}

...

@track({ page: 'Page1' })
class Page1 extends Component {...}

@track({})
class Page2 extends Component {...}
```

<details>
<summary>Example using hooks</summary>

```js
function App() {
  const { Track } = useTracking(
    {},
    {
      process: (ownTrackingData) => ownTrackingData.page ? { event: 'pageview' } : null,
    }
  );

  return (
    <Track>
      <Page1 />
      <Page2 />
    </Track>
  );
}

function Page1() {
  useTracking({ page: 'Page1' });
}

function Page2() {
  useTracking({});
}
```

> </details>

Author: @tizmagik I can't tell whether these collapsible hook versions of the examples are useful. What do you think?

Reviewer: I don't hate them haha -- I actually think it might make sense to have the "old" decorator style be the collapsible example, but maybe for some future doc update. This is great for now, thanks!
